Interview Session:
    Tell me About Your Framework
    Manual Testing Workflow
    Automation Workflow


Tell me about your frameowrk:

    Cucumber BDD Framework:
        Business Layer:
            I start workong on bsuiness latyer first in my framework, 
            I create feature files for my user stories and write the scenarios of the user story in feature file
            I make sure that I have scanrios that can cover acceptance criteria

        Technicial Layer:
            I create step defintions for my feature scenarios' steps by running my runner class
            I put those step defintions into my stepsdefinition package, then I will start writing the automation scripts
            After finish writing the automation scripts, I run the automation script to test it 

            If all the passed ===> Push the codes to github, to my feature branch ==> create pull request 

            If Failed:
                Re-test it to ensure if it's a bug 

                If it's a bug:
                    Reach out Developers

                    Create bug ticket on jira
                            Steps to reproduce the bug (expect vs actual).

                            Ny evidance including screenshots etc if any

                            Severity of the bug.

                            Assign the developer.


    Selenium with Java (or Playwright with TypeScript)

    Maven as buidl tool (or NPM for playwright)

    POM (Page Object Module): 
                For each web page that I am automating, I create seperate class, 
                I store each Page's elements and Page Actions ==> SO that I can use them whenever theya re needed in my tests.

    Parallel Execution:
        Selenium:
            I use TestNG for the parallel testing
                I will set the parallel to true, then I will set the thread-count number to  3 or 4 in my tesng.xml file.

        Playwright:
            Playwright has built in parallel configuration, I will just set the number of workers in configuration file.

    
    Cross Browser Testing:
        Selenium:
            I have this Driver class that can return me the webdriver objects, depending on what I set the browser name to in my properties file.

        Playwright:
            I configure the project property for the browsers in my playwright config file

    Re-run failed tests:
        Selenium:
            I have FailedRunner Class that can get all the failed tests from the target folder' and run them.

        Playwright:
            I configure the reties in my playwright configuration


QA Manager:
    if Ny approvals needed from tetsing side, technical side, or approches etc.

Scrum Master:
    if you have any blockers

BA/PA:
    for clarifications on requirments

Developers:
    For any bugs you found.
    For udnerstanding the feature/functionality.


Daily standup:
    For giving updates to each other on:
        WHat did I do yesterday, What am I doing today, any blockers


Smoke Testing, Regression testing

Next Week: 
    Playwright with TypeScript

    Playwright TDD 
    Playwrigfht BDD

    Template Framework

